TODAY BROUGHT THE PRESIDENT A
NEW REASON TO FREAK OUT, WHEN.
HOUSE JUDICIARY CHAIRMAN JERRY
NADLER ANNOUNCED A SWEEPING
INVESTIGATION INTO PRESIDENT
DONALD TRUMP'S CAMPAIGN
BUSINESSES, TRANSITION, AND
ADMINISTRATION.
CAMPAIGN, BUSINESSES,
TRANSITION, AND ADMINISTRATION.
SO THEY'VE NARROWED THE PROBLEM
TO THINGS HE'S DONE.
( LAUGHTER )
AND THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS AREN'T
MESSING AROUND.
THEY'VE SENT DOCUMENT REQUESTS
TO 81 PEOPLE AND ENTITIES,
INCLUDING THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN,
THE TRUMP FOUNDATION, THE TRUMP
ORGANIZATION, THE TRUMP
TRANSITION, AND SOMETHING CALLED
THE DONALD J. TRUMP REVOCABLE
TRUST.
WELL, I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY:
TRUST REVOKED.
( LAUGHTER )
TRUMP'S BAD WEEK REALLY GOT INTO
GEAR WITH THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
COMMITTEE'S HEARING FOR FORMER
TRUMP LAWYER AND KID BEING TOLD
BY HIS PARENTS THAT THE DIVORCE
IS HIS FAULT, MICHAEL COHEN.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Jon: WOW.
REALLY SAD.
>> Stephen: HE'S SAD.
HE'S VERY SAD.
HE'S SO SAD.
COHEN TESTIFIED THAT NOT ONLY
DID TRUMP REIMBURSE HIM FOR THE
STORMY DANIELS PAY-OFF WHILE IN
OFFICE, HE BROUGHT A COPY OF THE
CHECK.
TAKE A LOOK:
FROM DONALD TRUMP, TO MICHAEL
COHEN, TOTALING $35,000, FROM
CAPITAL ONE BANK.
WHICH MAKES SENSE, BECAUSE THEIR
SLOGAN IS "CAPITAL ONE: WHAT'S
IN YOUR WALLET?"
"OH, DAMNING EVIDENCE OF
CAMPAIGN FINANCE FRAUD?
YIKES."
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ETTIT'S TRUE.
SO NOT ONLY WAS COHEN
RESPONSIBLE FOR TRANSFERRING THE
MONEY TO STORMY, HE WAS ALSO THE
IN-FAMILY MESSENGER:
>> HE ASKED ME TO PAY OFF AN
ADULT FILM STAR WITH WHOM HE HAD
AN AFFAIR AND LIE TO HIS WIFE
ABOUT IT, WHICH I DID.
I LIED TO THE FIRST LADY.
WHEN THE PRESIDENT CALLED ME, I
WAS SITTING IN A CAR WITH A
FRIEND OF MINE AND HE HAD ME
SPEAK TO HER AND EXPLAIN TO THE
FIRST LADY.
>> STEPHEN: THAT'S ALWAYS THE
SIGN OF A HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP.
( AS TRUMP )
"BABE, I NEVER CHEATED ON YOU.
NOW, I'D PREFER IF ANY FURTHER
QUESTIONS ABOUT MY AFFECTION
AND LOYALTY GO TO MY LAWYER, WHO
HAS PREPARED A SIGNED AFFIDAVIT
ATTESTING THAT I LOVE YOU."
( LAUGHTER )
THE DEMOCRATS PUSHED COHEN TO
REVEAL AS MUCH AS HE COULD.
REPRESENTATIVE OCASIO-CORTEZ
ASKED HIM WHO MIGHT KNOW ABOUT
THE ALLEGED SECRET TROVE OF
TRUMP DOCUMENTS OWNED BY "THE
NATIONAL ENQUIRER."
>> SO YOU WOULD SAY THE PERSON
WHO KNOWS THE WHEREABOUTS OF
THESE DOCUMENTS WOULD BE DAVID
PECKER?
>> DAVID PECKER, BARRY LEVINE OR
DYLAN HOWARD.
>> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE
PRESIDENT DID THIS?
>> ALAN WEISSELBERG, RON
LIEBERMAN, AND MATTHEW CALAMARI.
>> STEPHEN: "SIR, I'M RUNNING
OUT OF TIME, SO IF YOU COULD
PLEASE IMPLICATE AS MANY NEW
PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE AND PLEASE
SAVE THE SILLIEST NAME FOR
THE VERY END.
SOMETHING BORDERLINE
ANTI-ITALIAN, LIKE BETTY
SPAGHETTI OR LUIGI CASSEROLI, OR
MATTHEW CALAMARI."
( LAUGHTER )
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE AISLE,
REPUBLICANS DIDN'T EVEN BOTHER
ASKING COHEN A SINGLE
SUBSTANTIVE QUESTION.
INSTEAD, THEY JUST CALLED HIM A
LIAR.
>> THE FIRST ANNOUNCED WITNESS
FOR THE 116TH CONGRESS IS A GUY
GOING TO PRISON IN TWO MONTHS
FOR LYING TO CONGRESS.
>> I DON'T KNOW A JUROR IN
AMERICA THAT WOULD BELIEVE
ANYTHING MR. COHEN SAYS GIVEN
HIS PAST ACTIONS AND LIES.
>> THAT'S WHY IT'S IMPORTANT FOR
YOU TO LOOK UP HERE, AND LOOK AT
THE OLD ADAGE OUR MOMS TAUGHT
US.
LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE.
>> STEPHEN: YOU LEARNED "LIAR,
LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE" FROM
YOUR MOM?
( LAUGHTER )
"HONEY, IF YOU'RE EVER IN AN
ARGUMENT WITH SOMEBODY, REMEMBER
TO TAKE THE HIGH ROAD AND CALL
THEM A BIG DUMB DOODY-FACE."
( LAUGHTER )
SAYING WE SHOULDN'T BELIEVE
COHEN BECAUSE HE LIED IN THE
PAST ISN'T A GOOD ARGUMENT.
THAT'S WHY TRUMP HIRED HIM IN
THE FIRST PLACE, TO LIE ABOUT
HIS AFFAIRS AND CRIMES.
HE WANTED A DIRTBAG LAWYER, HE
DIDN'T WANT ATTICUS FINCH!
( AS ATTICUS )
"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS PORN
STAR HAS NOT PRODUCED ONE IOTA
OF EVIDENCE THAT THE AFFAIR
DONALD TRUMP IS CHARGED WITH
EVER TOOK PLACE.
SO I'M WARNING YOU, TREAD VERY
( BLEEP ) LIGHTLY, BECAUSE WHAT
I'M GOING TO DO TO YOU IS GOING
TO BE ( BLEEP ) DISGUSTING.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
IN THE NAME OF GOD, DO YOUR DUTY
AND TAKE THIS CHECK FOR $130,000
AND SHUT YOUR MOUTH, SIR!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
OF COURSE, TRUMP FIRED BACK
AGAINST THE TESTIMONY ON
TWITTER.
"VIRTUALLY EVERYTHING FAILED
LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN SAID IN HIS
SWORN TESTIMONY LAST WEEK IS
TOTALLY CONTRADICTED IN HIS JUST
RELEASED MANUSCRIPT FOR A BOOK
ABOUT ME.
IT'S A TOTAL NEW LOVE LETTER TO
'TRUMP'."
( LAUGHTER )
WAIT, WHY DID HE PUT "TRUMP" IN
QUOTES?
DOES HE NOT KNOW THAT'S HIM?
"I'M REALLY WORRIED ABOUT THIS
'TRUMP' GUY.
HE'S DONE A LOT OF BAD STUFF
NO, REALLY.
I'VE TRIED TALKING TO HIM EVERY
MORNING IN THE MIRROR, BUT HE
KEEPS INTERRUPTING ME.
I DON'T THINK HE'S RIGHT
IN THE HEAD."
( LAUGHTER )
BUT COHEN'S BOOK PROBABLY
DOESN'T EVEN EXIST.
TURNS OUT, COHEN WROTE A BRIEF
PROPOSAL
LAST YEAR FOR A BOOK TENTATIVELY
TITLED, "TRUMP REVOLUTION: FROM
THE TOWER TO THE WHITE HOUSE
UNDERSTANDING DONALD J. TRUMP."
"CHAPTER ONE: YOU CAN'T."
( LAUGHTER )
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.